Goblins -Weak on their own but deadly in a group. Traveled in packs in order to kill tired travelers. 

Tiny slime-Harmless and cute creatures. Some people even kept them as pets due to their small size and low maintenance. 

Slime-When a tiny slime consumed enough material it will turn into a slime. Some say if a specific material was fed to them enough times, something strange happened. 

Giant rat- Giant creature that would spread diseases. Used to inhabit abandoned houses and cellars. 

Stray hound-Discarded dog that eventually lost itself to disease. Stronger than your average dog but were manageable. 

Sticky slime-When a tiny slime was fed enough adhesive/sticky material (or a creature that makes such material) it would turn into a sticky slime. The sticky slime could produce a substance that would adhere to any surface and was nigh impossible to unstick. 

Bandit- A lowlife human that stole from weak or inexperienced travelers 

Feral tracker-Subspecies of stray hound. These beasts were known for their extremely strong sense of smell that could track people from miles away. 

Cult Novice-Inexperienced zealot devoted to their demonic master. Due to their lack of knowledge they were relatively weak. 

Wolf- Beast known for hunting in packs. If you found one, more are sure to follow. 

Corrosive slime-When a tiny slime absorbed enough corrosive material they turned into a corrosive slime. Their acid could melt through even the toughest material. 

Sigil binder- A witch that used a mysterious group of symbols to cast spells. Any nonwitch who attempted to decipher them were killed by unknown means.

Hobgoblin-A stronger version of a goblin. They tended to show up fewer in number than goblins but they still never alone.

Kobold-A relative of the ancient dragons. They maintained a hidden civilization that they defended fiercely to maintain bloodline purity.

Alpha mastiff-A stronger more dominant stray hound. Could control other strays by emitting a disgusting scent. 

Skeleton- Undead bones reconstructed and animated with dark magic. Almost no personality was maintained, unless their will was superhuman.

Royal slime-When a slime was nearing the end its life it would become a royal slime. It could control nearby slimes by moving its body in weird motions. People who had seen those body movements had described them as "oddly alluring".

Spirit channeler-A medium that would allow wandering spirits to inhabit their body. This would strengthen them proportional to the strength of that body

Archer rogue-A stealthy assassin that would kill targets in order to obtain money through bounties. They seem to have no loyalties, even to one another.

Howling warg-A wolf like beast that was far stronger and faster than normal ones. They tended to be seen being ridden by members of the orc race.

Grand occultist-A far more experienced zealot towards their demonic master. They would have done anything in order to summon and harness demonic power.

Bandit captain-The leader of a group of bandits. They were much stronger and faster than their subordinates.

Skeleton archer-A type of skeleton that primarily used a bow and arrow. They were lethal at a range but manageable up close.

Zombies-Creatures that like skeletons were brought to life due to dark magic. But the corpses were newer so the skin had not fully decayed.

Ghoul- A superior zombie that evolved due to consuming enough flesh. These ghouls were pale in complexion and surprisingly fast.

Giant spider-A giant spider 🙂
